README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

feat: added readme.md file
Signed-off-by: Nikhil Bagal <nikhilbagalofficial@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

# Smart Bookmark App

## Overview
This is a simple bookmark management app built with **Next.js**, **Supabase**, and **TypeScript**. Users can sign in with Google, add, view, and delete bookmarks in real-time.

## Challenges I Faced and How I Solved Them

1. **Real-time updates with Supabase**
   - **Problem:** I wanted the bookmarks list to update automatically when changes occur, without needing a page refresh.
   - **Solution:** I used `supabase.channel` with `postgres_changes` to subscribe to changes on the bookmarks table and re-fetch the data when updates happen.

2. **Handling user authentication**
   - **Problem:** Redirecting users correctly based on authentication state was tricky, especially protecting the dashboard page.
   - **Solution:** I used `supabase.auth.getSession()` in `useEffect` to check if a user is logged in and redirect them appropriately.

3. **Validating user input**
   - **Problem:** Users could enter invalid URLs, causing errors when saving bookmarks.
   - **Solution:** I implemented URL validation using JavaScript's `URL` constructor and alerted the user if the URL is invalid.

4. **UI/UX consistency**
   - **Problem:** Making a responsive and visually appealing interface that works well on mobile and desktop.
   - **Solution:** I used Tailwind CSS for quick styling, rounded corners, hover effects, and responsive layout.

## Future Improvements
- Add bookmark categories and filtering
- Implement user profile editing
- Deploy the app to production with custom domain
